v11.0 Changelog (#8410)
mattermost/docs: source/product-overview/mattermost-v11-changelog.md

 - Channel access control policies now support multiple parent inheritances.
 - Updated interactive dialogs to use the apps form framework. Implemented dynamic select and multi-select for interactive dialogs. Also, ``UserId`` and ``TeamId`` are now passed in interactive dialog submissions.
 - Stopped supporting manually installed plugins as per https://forum.mattermost.com/t/deprecation-notice-manual-plugin-deployment/21192.
 - Mattermost profile image is now deleted when LDAP profile picture is deleted.
 - User ``auth_data`` is now shown in the System Console user details page.
 - Added Elasticsearch test to Support Packet diagnostics.
 - Added support for a new ``EmailNotificationWillBeSent`` plugin hook.
 - Added a console warning when a plugin uses the now-deprecated ``registerPostDropdownMenuComponent`` API.

#### mmctl
 - Added ``mmctl user edit`` command.
 - Updated mmctl shell completion to fully support zsh, powershell, and fish. Check out ``mmctl completion`` for a guide on how to set it up for your shell.

>  - Added a set of mmctl commands to manage Custom Profile Attributes.

Reviewer: Small tweak to include the specific commands added: 

```suggestion
 - Added the ``mmctl cpa`` set of commands to manage Custom Profile Attributes.
```

 - The web app is no longer exposing the [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/) dependency for use by web app plugins. See more details in [this forum post](https://forum.mattermost.com/t/removing-styled-components-export-for-web-app-plugins-v11/25002).
 - Omnibus support has been deprecated. The last ``mattermost-omnibus`` release was v10.12. See more details in [this forum post](https://forum.mattermost.com/t/mattermost-omnibus-to-reach-end-of-life-v11/25175).
 - Deprecated ``include_removed_members`` option in ``api/v4/ldap/sync`` have been removed. Admins can use the LDAP setting ``ReAddRemovedMembers``.
 - All telemetry support have been removed from Mattermost. The system no longer collects or sends telemetry data to external services. Customers that have the NPS plugin enabled can remove it as it no longer sends the feedback over through telemetry.
 - Format query parameter requirement in ``/api/v4/config/client`` endpoint has been deprecated.
 - Deprecated mmctl commands and flags have been removed.
 - Experimental certificate-based authentication feature has been removed. ``ExperimentalSettings.ClientSideCertEnable`` must be ``false`` to start the server.

>  - Added logic to migrate the password hashing method from bcrypt to PBKDF2. The migration will happen progressively, migrating the password of a user as soon as they enter it; e.g. when logging in or when double-checking their password for any sensitive action. There is an edge case where users might get locked out of their account: if a server upgrades to v11 and user A logs in (i.e., they need to enter their password), and then the server downgrades to v10.12 or previous, user A will no longer be able to log in. In this case, admins will need to manually reset the password of such users, through the system console or through the ``mmctl user reset-password [users]`` command.

Reviewer 2: Same suggestion here: link to https://docs.mattermost.com/administration-guide/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.html#mmctl-user-reset-password

 - Separate notification log file has been deprecated. If admins want to continue using a separate log file for notification logs, they can use the ``AdvancedLoggingJSON`` configuration. An example configuration to use is:

 ```
   {
     "LogSettings": {
       "AdvancedLoggingJSON": {
         "notifications_file": {
           "type": "file",
           "format": "json",
           "levels": [
               {"id": 300, "name": "NotificationError"},
               {"id": 301, "name": "NotificationWarn"},
               {"id": 302, "name": "NotificationInfo"},
               {"id": 303, "name": "NotificationDebug"},
               {"id": 304, "name": "NotificationTrace"}
           ],
           "options": {
               "filename": "notifications.log",
               "max_size": 100,
               "max_age": 0,
               "max_backups": 0,
               "compress": true
           }, 
           "maxqueuesize": 1000 
         }
       }
     }
   }
 ```

```{Important}
If you upgrade from a release earlier than v10.10, please read the other [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration-guide/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html).
```

> ### Improvements

Reviewer 3: We should announce general FIPS availability here -- @esarafianou, do we have any separate documentation or announcement we could link out to?

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/mattermost/docs/pull/8420 is in progress

   }
 ```

 - Stopped supporting manually installed plugins as per https://forum.mattermost.com/t/deprecation-notice-manual-plugin-deployment/21192

```{Important}
If you upgrade from a release earlier than v10.10, please read the other [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/administration-guide/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html).
```

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Pre-packaged Agents plugin [v1.3.1](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-agents/releases/tag/v1.3.1).
 - Pre-packaged Boards plugin [v9.1.6](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-boards/releases/tag/v9.1.6).
 - Pre-packaged MS Teams plugin [v2.2.2](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-msteams/releases/tag/v2.2.2).
 - Pre-packaged Playbooks plugin [v2.4.2](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-playbooks/releases/tag/v2.4.2), allowing Professional licenses to use playbooks v2.
 - Removed Playbooks v1 from pre-packaged plugins.
 - Updated the library used for customizing scrollbars.
 - Increased page size when retrieving posts in channels with high number of hidden messages.

#### Administration

>  - Introduced support for Mattermost Entry Edition with message history limits.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
 - Introduced support for new default free edition Mattermost Entry with usage limits. See more details in [this forum post](https://forum.mattermost.com/t/mattermost-v11-changes-in-free-offerings/25126).
```
